# OSS_Lab4_Project_With_Business_Model

## About This Project
This project is a drag-and-drop data explorer which provides a user-friendly way to manipulate datasets and create visualizations without writing a single line of code.  Intended for those with little programming experience, this project allows users to upload datasets and then create a workflow to process them with drag-and-drop blocks.  A key element of this project is the ability to create clean, presentation-quality, visualizations via a series of configurable blocks.  Pre-made machine learning models can also be trained and applied with minimal background knowledge required.
## Business Model
The buisness model for this project will be centered around the convencience and support abilities that our company can offer in setting up and hosting private instances of our software. While the source code for the platform will be publically available, customizing the interface, hosting the web app with adequete compute, and configuring any project specific needs would all vary based on the user of our software. Since we have the deepest understanding of the product we produced, we would be able to offer unparraleled support in intergrating our services into any company's development process along with offering technical support with our product being aimed at the less technically inclined. Our company could charge seperately for hosting on our servers, intital configurations, and ongoing support while continually developing the open source project underlying our service based on our experience with customers. To avoid competitors utilizing our software to their advantage it is important our license restricts the ability to create private derivations of our codebase.
## Licensing
We will be using the GPL-3.0 for this project's licensing. The GNU General Public License allows anyone to copy, modify and redistribute your work as long as they include all original copyright information and disclaimers from upstream authors. The GPL license is the most popular open-source software development model used today, and it has been tested in court and ruled valid. Copyleft is a legal concept that allows users to have certain freedoms while forbidding them from imposing further restrictions on these rights. When releasing your code under a GPL License, you allow anyone to copy and redistribute it. The GPL License ensures that anyone who uses your software must release any derivative works under an equally free license. The GPL license can help protect your interests if someone produces an application that includes parts of your software. The GPL license is an excellent license for sharing your work with others, but it has some limitations. The GPL license requires any code built upon it to be released under one of the GPL licenses. This means you can't mix proprietary software and GPL-licensed software. Users who develop their code under Apache license can't use the GPL license. You must comply with the GPL licenses to use open source technology, which makes it impossible for companies to use open source technology without risking infringement. The GPL License is an ideal license for developers who want to contribute their work back to open source communities.
